All right.
Let's solve this brain buster.
Now the easiest way to actually solve this is to change the VAR keyword to let because if I run this
and we wait
look at that.
I have zero one two three and I guess we're not logging the actual values here we're logging the indexes.
So if we want to log the actual values we can just go like this click Run we wait three seconds and
we should have everything set and hopefully you know why that works.
Let allows us to use block scoping so that this block which is these curly brackets over here creates
a scope for each eye so that I is scoped within here because initially when we had variable I over here
it was part of the global scope.
Right because we didn't really have a function surrounding it so that this set timeout when it finally
returned.
By that point the for loop has already gone through everything hand has turned.
I do for all right.
But what's another way that we can solve this.
What if we couldn't use the left keyword we can use closures here to actually do something interesting.
We can actually wrap this in a function so I can create a function and immediately invoked function.
That wraps this entire set time.
And this function is going to wrap our little sad time of so now in here we can reference I and as long
as we reference I it won't be removed from the local scope or at least the reference to what I is when
the loop comes through here and I can do that by passing this immediately invoked function a parameter
of I that is we call this function and this function gets parameter Ei which every time it loops over
it'll be zero one two three four and we receive that parameter right in here.
And just to keep the names separate we'll say closure I and now we can access closure I like this.
Let's see if that works.
If I run this I wait three seconds and look at that it's working.
I know that's a tough one.
You might have to look at this a little bit but all I did was I created a function that gave me access
to the I variable and this I variable I kept in my closure by passing it as a parameter receiving it
and using it inside of this callback function for it.
I think that was a big one.
So let's take a break and I'll see you in the next video by.